[Magic WAN] Tutorial for Secure Web Gateway (#2828)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/magic-wan/src/content/tutorials/secure-gateway.md

---

> title: Secure Gateway

Author: Good catch, thank you! fixed

pcx-content-type: tutorial

> ---

Author: Thank you! my frontmatter was wonky, and I fixed quite a few. fixed

In this tutorial, you will learn how to configure the GRE tunnel on-ramp to Magic WAN, which connects to Secure Web Gateway (SWG), from enterprise site routers. 

## Prerequisites

Before you can configure the GRE tunnel on-ramp to Magic WAN, the following items should already be completed:

- Purchased Magic WAN and Secure Web Gateway
- Cloudflare created and provisioned Magic WAN and Secure Web Gateway
- Received the Cloudflare GRE endpoint (Anycast IP address) assigned to Magic WAN
- Established connectivity between site edge routers and the Cloudflare GRE endpoint via the Internet or Cloudflare Network Interconnect (CNI)
- Use site routers that support GRE tunnels and Policy-based Routing (PBR) so that specific Internet-bound traffic from the sites' private networks can be routed through Secure Web Gateway to enforce a user's specific web access policies.

## Example scenario

For the purpose of this tutorial, setup will reference a scenario where an enterprise has three sites: headquarters, a branch office, and a data center. Each site has a local private network with RFC1918 address assignments:

> - Headquarters is assigned a 192.168.0.0/16 network

Author: Formatted all instances of IP addresses

1. Next to **GRE tunnels and static routes configuration**, click **Configure**.
1. From **GRE tunnels**, click **Create**.
1. On the **Add GRE tunnels** page, fill out the information for the GRE tunnels. 
1. (Optional) We recommend you test your tunnel before officially adding it. To test the tunnel, click **Test tunnels**.
1. To add multiple tunnels, click **Add GRE tunnel** for each new tunnel.
1. When you are done, click **Add tunnels**.

In keeping with the example scenario, the list of tunnels should match the example below.

![Tunnel configuration](../images/gre-tunnel-values.png)

## Add static routes

1. From **Magic Transit**, click **Static routes**.
1. On the **Static Routes** page, click **Create** to add a new route.
1. Enter the information for your route.
1. While optional, we highly recommend testing your route before adding it by clicking **Test routes**.
1. If your test was successful, click **Add routes** when you are done.

In keeping with the example scenario, the list of static routes should match the example below.

![Tunnel configuration](../images/static-route-values.png)

## Secure Web Gateway

> After setting up the GRE tunnels and static routes, navigate to the Teams dashboard to configure the policies for Secure Web Gateway. To set up the policies, refer to [Secure Web Gateway policies](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up the GRE tunnels and static routes, configure the policies for Secure Web Gateway in the Teams dashboard. To set up the policies, refer to [Secure Web Gateway policies](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering).
```
I'd rather not use "navigate to" here so it doesn't seem that you are about to provide actionable instructions... Readers should follow the instructions in the linked page.

Author: Ah, great suggestion and callout! fixed

> After Secure Web Gateway is configured, enterprise users and devices from each of the sites mentioned in the example scenario would be able to safely browse or access Internet resources under the protection of the Cloudflare edge network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure Secure Web Gateway, enterprise users and devices from each of the sites mentioned in the example scenario would be able to safely browse or access Internet resources under the protection of the Cloudflare edge network.
```

Author: Fixed
